Emotion 'styled-components' mentions cleanup (#3927)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-media-player/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Version       | Description                                                                                                                  |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 5.0.1 | [PR#?](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/?) Remove styled components reference in comments |

Author: ```suggestion
| 5.0.1 | [PR#3927](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3927) Remove styled components reference in comments |
```

> | 5.0.2 | [PR#3927](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3927) Remove styled components reference in comments |

Author: ```suggestion
| 5.0.2 | [PR#3927](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/3927) Remove styled-component 'referencing other components' comment and reenabled stylelint for the style block that references another component |
```
